Attestation Examples added (#167)
ietf-teep/architecture: draft-ietf-teep-architecture.md

As of the writing of this specification, device and TEE attestations have not been standardized
across the market. Different devices, manufacturers, and TEEs support different attestation

> algorithms. In order for TEEP to be inclusive, it is agnostic to the format of evidence,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
protocols. In order for TEEP to be inclusive, it is agnostic to the format of evidence,
```

allowing proprietary or standardized formats to be used between a TEE and a verifier (which may or may not
be colocated in the TAM). However, it should be recognized
that not all Verifiers may be able to process all proprietary forms of attestation evidence.
Similarly, the TEEP protocol is agnostic as to the format of attestation results, and the protocol
(if any) used between the TAM and a verifier, as long as they convey at least the required set of claims

> in some format. Note that the respective attestation algorithms are not defined in TEEP protocol itself; the 
> impact is on the attestation token format used within the TEEP protocol instead. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in some format. Note that the respective attestation algorithms are not defined in the TEEP protocol itself; see {{I-D.ietf-rats-architecture}} and {{I-D.ietf-teep-protocol}} for more discussion. 
```

As of the writing of this specification, device and TEE attestations have not been standardized
across the market. Different devices, manufacturers, and TEEs support different attestation

> algorithms and mechanisms (for example, ECDSA-based attestation, Direct Anonymous Attestation (DAA), Enhanced Privacy ID (EPID), a Privacy CA). In order for TEEP to be inclusive, it is agnostic to the format of evidence,

Reviewer: I think we would need informative references for each of these, to accept this PR

Author: I thought about this again and came to the conclusion that this document is not the right place to discuss attestation techniques.
